we're going to measure the freezing
point depression of a solution of a
compound in lauric acid in order to
measure the freezing point we're going
to calibrate a temperature probe it will
be a two point calibration we're going
to place the temperature probe and a
thermometer into a boiling water bath
we're going to wait a minute or two for
the CBL reading to become stable when
the reading becomes stable we're going
to press trigger on the CBL and enter
temperature from the thermometer
okay we're now going to put the
temperature probe and thermometer into
an ice bath mixture again we're going to
wait till the reading on the CBL become
stable we're going to press trigger on
the CBL and enter the temperature from
the thermometer on the calculator we've
melted a sample of lauric acid and a
test tube we've put our temperature
probe in the lauric acid we're now going
to start graphing the temperature versus
time on our calculator we're going to
monitor the temperature as the compound
solidifies to get the freezing point of
the lauric acid the temperature will
drop and then level off as a compound
solidifies
we can see crystals start to form
we've melted the lauric acid and we've
dissolved our unknown in the lauric acid
we will now record the freezing point of
the solution we'll use the CB l again to
monitor the temperature versus time to
get the freezing point of the solution
this is the finished graph of the
solution
you